I added a 2.1-RC4 branch. This version updates the dependencies to use Play2.1-RC4, except for play-plugins-util and play-plugins-mailer, which are not released for RC3 or RC4 yet. I hope the mismatch of plugin versions won't cause a problem.

I was able to run 'play publish-local' on the securesocial module and to build the demo Scala app without problems.

I published this to the Typesafe community repository. You can include it in your Play Build.scala file like this (note I changed the organization from securesocial to com.micronautics so my fork does not step on Jorge's work):

<pre>
"com.micronautics"       %  "securesocial"               % "2.1-RC4" withSources()

resolvers += Resolver.url("play-plugin-releases", new URL("http://repo.scala-sbt.org/scalasbt/sbt-plugin-releases/"))(Resolver.ivyStylePatterns)
</pre>

h1. SecureSocial for Play 2 

SecureSocial allows you to add an authentication UI to your app that works with services based on OAuth1, OAuth2 and OpenID protocols.  SecureSocial provides Scala and Java APIs so you can integrate it using your preferred language.

Check the project web site for more information: <a href="http://www.securesocial.ws">http://www.securesocial.ws</a>

h1. SecureSocial for Play 1.x

The old version of SecureSocial is under the 1.x branch now.  The 'master' branch is for the Play 2 version only.

Written by Jorge Aliss (<a href="http://www.twitter.com/jaliss">@jaliss</a>)

h2. Licence

SecureSocial is distributed under the "Apache 2 licence":http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html.
